Freemium spelling (#2867)
mendix/docs: content/refguide/consumed-odata-service-requirements.md

### 4.1 Local development

> Local development is subject to the same license as the freemium model. You have the ability to retrieve a total of 1000 OData objects, after which an error will occur. It is possible to reset this by restarting the App.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Freemium license limitation applies to local project development. You will be able to retrieve a total of 1000 OData objects, after which an error will occur. This can be reset this by restarting the app.
```
